Update README for 24.07 (#7464)
triton-inference-server/server: README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD3-lightgrey.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

> [!WARNING]
> ##### LATEST RELEASE
> You are currently on the `main` branch which tracks under-development progress towards the next release.

> > The current release is version [2.47.0](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/releases/latest) and corresponds to the 24.06 container release on NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The current release is version [2.48.0](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/releases/latest) and corresponds to the 24.07 container release on NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC).
```
